docs: add client file concepts. fixes #66 (#68)
shellscape/webpack-plugin-serve: .github/FAQ.md

### Why can't I use Node v10.14.x?

The minor version range for Node v10.14.x contains [a regression](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/17806#issuecomment-446213378) which causes `ERR_STREAM_WRITE_AFTER_END` and `Invalid WebSocket frame: RSV1 must be clear` errors when using WebSockets. We've narrowed the issue down to that version range of Node, as 10.13.x is not effected.

### Why do I have to include `webpack-plugin-serve/client` in the entry?

> Why and what a file is needed to use some features of a development server have been unknown for a long time, users just include this file because they need but not usually know what this file does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> On `webpack-plugin-serve` this file is responsible to control the `Hot Module Replacement`, i.e, the communication between the webpack compiler and the browser. After a change happens on a file, the server is going to send a message to the browser "Hey browser, here are the files you have to hot replace, and here is the new compilation hash". By doing that, the script that you included knows what files changed and handles them to the `webpack` hmr code that exists on the browser too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `webpack-plugin-server/client` entry directs webpack to include a file from the plugin in your build. This file is responsible for keeping track of Hot Module Replacements when files change, and responding to events from the webpack compiler. It hooks up and controls elements such as the status and progress overlays, and provides meaningful feedback for users in the browser console. As such, the entry is a vital piece of this plugin.
```

### Why can't I use Node v10.14.x?

The minor version range for Node v10.14.x contains [a regression](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/17806#issuecomment-446213378) which causes `ERR_STREAM_WRITE_AFTER_END` and `Invalid WebSocket frame: RSV1 must be clear` errors when using WebSockets. We've narrowed the issue down to that version range of Node, as 10.13.x is not effected.

> ### Why do I have to also included `webpack-plugin-serve/client` in my entry point?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why do I have to include `webpack-plugin-serve/client` in the entry?
```

Why and what a file is needed to use some features of a development server have been unknown for a long time, users just include this file because they need but not usually know what this file does.

> On `webpack-plugin-serve` this file is responsible to control the `Hot Module Replacement`, i.e, the communication between the webpack compiler and the browser. After a change happens on a file, the server is going to send a message to the browser "Hey browser, here are the files you have to hot replace, and here is the new compilation hash". By doing that, the script that you included knows what files changed and handles them to the `webpack` hmr code that exists on the browser too.

Reviewer: This needs some tweaking. I'll write up some suggested changes soon.

This file is also responsible to serve some of the special features we created, the overlays (status and progress).

> ### Usage with multiple entrypoints

Reviewer: This should be a recipe. It's not really a question, but more of a tutorial.
